A: "Hi! How are you doing tonight?"
B: "I'm doing great. Just relaxing with my two dogs."
A: "Great. In my spare time I do volunteer work."
B: "That's neat. What kind of volunteer work do you do?"
A: "I work in a homeless shelter in my town."
B: "Good for you. Do you like vintage cars? I've two older mustangs."
A: "Cool. Not really into cars. My day job is wrestling."
B: "Cars are my thing. Vintage cars. I love working on them. Wrestling? Do you enjoy it?"
A: "Yes, I love the crowds, getting to know people."
B: "I didn't think about the crowd aspect of wrestling. I do not like crowds."
A: "Understood. When I need to be alone, I work out a few times each week."
B: "I agree. Working out is a great way to burn off steam. Do you like country music?"
A: "A little bit. I can get into taylor swift."
B: "Lol. She's more pop now. Her old stuff was country. I like classic country."
A: "What kind of dogs do you have?"
B: "One is a terrier and one is a sheep dog.   How long have you been volunteering?"
A: "I have been volunteering for last 7 years"
B: "Nice.  I try to, but I've been working on the two Mustangs.  One is a 68 and the other is a 66 Hertz clone."
A: "What are doing with those two?"
B: "The 68 is a daily driver, at least during the summer.  The Hertz clone is a trailer queen.  I'm too afraid of paying for on  the road insurance.   "
A: "How long have you been doing this?"
B: "Ummmm, off and on, since 1989.  It's a hobby that takes a lot of devotion.  It can be expensive, but it doesn't always have to be."
A: "This sounds fun. Do you have any other hobby?"
B: "Well I do like to listen to classic country, and I do have my two dogs, "Baron Zemo" and "Spike."   What about you, how do you like wrestling as your day job?"
A: "I'm not super into wrestling. "
B: "Ah, now that makes sense.  I guess it's like an engineer that doesn't like to fix stuff around the house.  Well, work is work, I guess."
A: "How's work on the Mustang coming?"
B: "Not so good, I got bit by one of my dogs and needed stiches in my hand so haven't been able to make much progress."
A: "I'm so sorry to hear that! How on earth did that happen?"
B: "Just a little rough housing that went a bit too far.  "
A: "That's unfortunate. I'm hoping you'll make a speedy recovery! What's your day job?"
B: "I'm a dog trainer!  I guess I'm not that good"
A: "Haha well I suppose no one is perfect. Given my recent string of lost matches, I can't say I'm doing much better."
B: "Yeah between the both of us, could probably get a country song written about our distresses...perhaps Taylor Swift could perform it."
A: "That would be a chart-topper, I'm sure. Something to blast while driving with the top down, maybe even in your next restoration project."
B: "Yes!! Can't wait to get back in the saddle with the restoration.  One of the one's I am working on is a convertible."
A: "Sweet! I'm sure that will be an amazing ride once it's finished. How long does a project take to complete, generally speaking?"
B: "For me, I can usually do a full restoration in 6 months if I put in a few hours a day after work."
A: "Did you take your dogs out for a walk today?"
B: "Yes! Thankfully there was enough of a break in the rain to run them around. How's your day been?"
A: "It has been busy! I volunteered at the homeless shelter this morning. Do you do any volunteering? "
B: "Sadly not. I admire those who do though! Work keeps me so busy, and then I spent time on my car to relax. How did you get into wrestling as a job?"
A: "I work out a few times a week and a trainer came over and asked if I was interested in wrestling and gave it a go! Have you ever wrestled? "
B: "No I haven't, I think I'd be terrible at it! Does it take you a long time to recover? It looks so physical and exhuasting!"
A: "No different in my opinion then working out at the gym, keeps your mind focused! You should try it sometime, I think you would like wrestling!"
B: "I can definitely see how it would be cathartic, although I'm so worried about getting my ass whooped I'm sure I'd be terrible. But it's all about working up a sweat, right?"
A: "Yes, getting beat is not a highlight but makes you want to train even harder! And working up a sweat is no joke! Ha ha. "
B: "I definitely respect the mental stamina needed, too. I could learn some more of that, sometimes working on my car gets me so frustrated I can't stand it, ha!"
A: "I can see that. I have attempted to work on cars, I don't have the patience for it! I need to keep moving!"
B: "It's definitely an acquired thing. The word needs mechanics and wrestlers, ha!"

What would A respond to this: Hey, remember that time we talked about music? What was the artist you mentioned you could get into?
